so specifically my work and changing the world. Think takes on a new meeting,
since I I stand between the living and the dead and I have an
opportunity to really affect what I would say is people's Eternity.
Three opportunity for me to come alongside somebody and share God's
love is crucial. I think it's the most important thing, whether we
win wars or lose wars or deal with pandemics or whatever situations
happen. Marriages, families, Um, you put whatever in that blank. I
think eternity is is the greatest is forever. And so I get in opportunity
to lead people to God and to sometimes model who God is. And so
for me, I think that's how I'm changing the world.